 Thank you to NBC for the correction!  Thank you!  I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M., after NFL game. Enjoy! Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner! NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and Genera…  Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE! Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his…  Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA??
  On my way to Richmond, Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7:00pmE. The crowds are once again, massive…  WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON!   Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAG…  Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed…  “From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.”  Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews   Very cool! There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for host…  Pastor Andrew Brunson, released by Turkey, will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P.M. (this afternoon). It wil…  Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #243NavyBday  Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon, Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI, watch here:   The GREAT football (and lacrosse) player, Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the @WhiteHouse. He is also a tremendo…   Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!!  Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS, Melania, on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida…  PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!  REGISTER TO VOTE!   PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON! My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon! So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can al…  Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!    Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help t…  Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael  Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office! #HurricaneMichael  Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together, w…  Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA??  Couldn’t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania!  Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and…  We are with you Florida! 
  Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are…  Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorad…  THANK YOU IOWA &amp; NEBRASKA! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!    Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA??  .@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will so…  “President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration”  REGISTER TO VOTE!   FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be c…  ...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can tak…  Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stag…  Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am. Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA! Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them! The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words,…    Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Sur…  Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, &amp; onto the doorsteps of the most harden…  We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK – now and FOREVER!…  America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you a…  It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Fl…  Departing Washington, D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Flor…  Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination &amp; adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On…  .@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements!…  You don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become to…  Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE! #MAGA  Thank you Kansas - I love you! 
 The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people (&amp; most are onlookers) - that wou…  I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United S…  I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather…  Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in prepara…  Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh! Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969! The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it!…  Beautiful evening in Rochester, Minnesota. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!  Thank you Minnesota - I love you!
 Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U…  Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi i…  “U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead”  Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism:   Working hard, thank you!  This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good e…  This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial! Our country’s great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! I…  The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE…  Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very bi…  My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, i…  Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together! I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY…  Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will n…  Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up! Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico a…  Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA   The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record,…  The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of mon…  Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets w…  Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence…  “National wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by…  GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA??  Thank you Mississippi - I love you!  This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN!  Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!  Yesterday, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II, for his actions on April 6,…  THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING! Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future. Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family! WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE!  Thank you Tennessee - I love you!   News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House. Congratulations to Mexico and Canada! ....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barri…  Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already…  Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the wor…  So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then…  Like many, I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny, no talent or charm.…  NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesse…  Thank you West Virginia - I love you!   Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines, but will be great! Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people…  Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly…  Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democ…   Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets:   Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be th…  China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. That’…  Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing…  Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years! Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. Peop…  The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the…  “These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSC 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA  “Consumer confidence rose in September, notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Board's index ro…  “Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations”…  “Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly” ??  Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.” Thank you Dr. Jeffress!  Thank you Mark!   Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when…  Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure…  Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  Gallup The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greates…  REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!  It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States, here in New York City, t…  It was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt to the United States this afternoon, in New Yor…  Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement:   Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an…  US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony!  It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President @moonriver365 Jae-in of South Korea today, in New York Cit…  Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA  “Remarks by President Trump at ‘Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem’ Event” #UNGA
??…  Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslid…  Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much…  Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods   New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident! GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!  Thank you Missouri - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Thank you Missouri - I love you!
 Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895:    Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans!  Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making treme…  Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings w…  ....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hop…  I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but…  The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago? I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week! I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed w…  Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing polit…  AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!  Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you! #MAGA??  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doin…   On my way to Las Vegas, Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA   ...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In…  Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, N…  Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forw…  .@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on…  S&amp;P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA! I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where wil…  ....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obst…  “We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this…  We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue…  Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very…   Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed! Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work i…  “President Donald J. Trump’s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence”  “North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.” @FoxNews ....it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4%, and I expect it’s going to grow faster and faster. We’re jus…  “The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy boo…  ....returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting! Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a…  The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are wat…   Today, it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse!  Today, I took action to strengthen our Nation’s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history,…  Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!…  ...that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good…  Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100% correct. B…  Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force!  .....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one…  China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, r…  ....campaign, which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening, but…  “What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept…  Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our…  Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the…  It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worke…   Happy Constitution Day!  Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets:   Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from t…  Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been w…  “Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefo…  Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is be…  Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into ou…  “A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks a…  Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose…  Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye! Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to…  Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together! FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to fi…  The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the…  Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not  via @BreitbartNews Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to…  When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security…  While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Wi…  .@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and o…  Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the…  Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border,…  Thank you Brock – it is my honor!

“We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” 
Administrator @FEMA_Brock Thank you @nycemergencymgt!  When President Obama said that he has been to “57 States,” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine…  ....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method…  “When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Mar…  Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is prou…  My thoughts and prayers are with 
Evelyn Rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn  “The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of clean…  “They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when…  Keep up the great work - THANK YOU!  We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018  Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you! Gina is Great!  John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great wo…  Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and…  Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence  I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are…  Thank you @USCG!  The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure t…  .....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Bil…  3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit…  “Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built). .....”It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrett More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the…  We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful! The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp; is a p…  Tonight, it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse!  #HurricaneFlorence 
  It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE!…  “I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Coll…  Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!  Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and La…  We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Ri…  “The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp; that the Special Counsel has no evidence of a…  Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump, we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.”  @FoxNews  Where are the D…  ....giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convic…  “You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it thro…  #NeverForget #September11th  The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Official…  Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews #NeverForget #September11th 
 17 years since September 11th! Departing Washington, D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with…  Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skil…  “ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.” @LouDobbs New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.”  @FoxNews  So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI…  #NeverForget  #September11th  “We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get mo…   Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Govern…  My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking…  Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock, along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Sta…  Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and…  To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad!…  The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselve…  “President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.…  The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember, it’s the economy stupid!), that the…  “It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it’s not t…  “I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of…  The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our co…  The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unname…  The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years! Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah a…  ...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you…  North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display o…  Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%,…  “Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thou…  If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%…  “Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher…  “Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators,…  Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable  So nice, thank you both!  The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I’m all of those terrible…  Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are…  Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars, @DiamondandSilk, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all ver…  So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy ca…  Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solutio…  We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun! “To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First p…  14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America! “Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise”  Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with viole…  The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. Th…  Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and…  What was Nike thinking? Thank you Montana, I love you!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Mont…  Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA  Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer? Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA  “The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People…  Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “I…  The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - &amp; they don’t know what to do…  Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together! I’m draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry, we will win! Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with ano…  TREASON? The Failing New York Times!  Today, it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse!   Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings, Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets he…  Thank you General Mattis, book is boring &amp; untrue!  Thank you General Kelly, book is total fiction!  Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I w…  The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster…  Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in…  Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person…  “Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations”  Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination'  via @BreitbartNews The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retar…  Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back…  The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and Gener…  Statement from White House @PressSec, Sarah Sanders:  Statement from White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly:  Statement from Secretary of Defense, James Mattis:  “Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court”  Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime,…  “Pledge to America’s Workers”  ....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see! The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, an…  Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him! Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for up…  NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling aroun…  President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be ma…  According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It w…  I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should o…  ....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The…  Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publ…  The U.S. is respected again!  Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the thing…  The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day! Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has t…  ....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian…  Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now t…  “There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep…  “No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information f…  ....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillar…  “There’s no fairness here, if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’r…  We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews ....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions…  There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. aft…  ....Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to…  “You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is…  ....of the DOJ &amp; FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are respons…  Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold h…  I love Canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years! “I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz…  Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology? Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well! The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a supp…  .@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Electio…   “President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers”  Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY V…  I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find…  Thank you Indiana, I love you!
 Throwback Thursday! #MAGA  Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful busi…  CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone! Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman…  I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don,…  The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn! Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she…  The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation! Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media h…  The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the…  I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they…  What’s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The…  The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually…  Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans  via @BreitbartNews ...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of…  “Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to da…  “Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn’t La…  CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. S…  ...differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their rela…  ...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises aga…  ...considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonethel…  STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE

President Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous press…  #StopTheBias  How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt! Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great! White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully)…  Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected m…  When you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction! “Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t e…  Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster…  “Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there…  “The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be O…  Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his bigges…  Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and…  Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the…  New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Re…  Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and ha…  Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments! Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kiddin…  Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator! Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!  “Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000”  ....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voic…  Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they ha…  I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we los…  NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history! “President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs VOTE FOR RON!  .@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret…  United States-Mexico Trade Agreement:   Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by votin…  Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for…  Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health…  A big deal looking good with Mexico! The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play…  Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and…  Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall.…  “Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took of…  Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high! ...And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here!  My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you! Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.! Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old gov…  “The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails! “The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disaster…  Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also…  .@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President…  Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening…  Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the T…  Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats!  Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I c…  Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia! I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State i…  Thank you. I love you Ohio!  ...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relatio…  ...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the…  I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not makin…   Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake…  Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared…  ....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of…  “Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff, this is GREAT, what ev…  Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous v…  Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement…  ...And according to Polls, would do even better today!  ...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need…  .@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Ve…  I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane…  It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the…     NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT! I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriati…  The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton…  I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!   Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!   Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and…  Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our d…  Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a…  A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt! I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case, among other th…  If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen! Thank you West Virginia. I love you!  MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets:  To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Go…  Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s no…  Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much f…  I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the…  Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to…  Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice t…  A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength! I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is…  Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard worki…  Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful…  .@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Repub…   It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We…  “Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what appare…  Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, eve…  Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and…  I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy t…  Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there…  ....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the…  Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the Whit…  Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy lo…  Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain…  The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President…  No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruptio…  ....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives…  The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours…  I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooper…  The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and…   The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time! Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends. Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily t…   All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, Chin…  ....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp; some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making…  .....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, ther…  Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the…  ....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation...…  “Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account…  “Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he wa…   ...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal…  Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT G…  When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason t…  Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatn…  The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago. Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends ....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, &amp; go to the Paris parade…  The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a p…  How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the h…  In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even b…  .....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes a…  “Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power…  “....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off t…  How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he…  .@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Direc…  “Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce…  “While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Cat…  “The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” D…  Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor…  Thank you for the kind words Omarosa!  Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse!  The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed! There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press…  The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollar…  Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies ear…  “I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the A…  Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iran…  “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the…  “Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were…  “John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of ne…  Chuck Schumer, I agree!  Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horri…  Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters! “The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by wh…  The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired an…  My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a…  It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the…  .@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It…  “People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be trea…  Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and y…  Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong a…  Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor o…  Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor…  Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave! “Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine”  Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, w…  Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these…  Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstr…  “They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on…  Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christoph…  Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength! When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didn’t work…  ....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corru…  ....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for t…  Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There wou…  ....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa ha…  .@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting…   Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my c…  “Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing”  It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the hist…  Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime an…  Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES!  Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES! Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful m…  Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement! Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It w…  Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; lo…  The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent wi…  While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, t…  ...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he tol…  Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never w…  “Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”.…  Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companie…  .@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are bet…  .@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, creat…  Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you!  Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country! The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy…  I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. N…  The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation…  .....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lov…  Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FB…  Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. Ne…  Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African America…  Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Sec…  Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp; policies ma…  I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Tu…  .....Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to p…  The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numer…  .@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and th…  Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is ove…  @LindseyGrahamSC  “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a dou…  Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime…  Space Force all the way! This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was star…  “There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to f…  RED WAVE! Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support! As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason), they will win! I LOVE the people,…  The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we ar…  5 for 5! Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you towar…  Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great St…  Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight…  .....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race! When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my…  Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart, we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the va…  Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the B…  The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November the…  California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing m…  Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country f…  John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the…  Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly bein…  Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a f…  Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point…  ....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with R…  “Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam…  Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbe…  Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch H…  ...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the…  Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in…  ..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been a…  Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment.…  The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providin…  ...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your…  A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people o…  Thank you Ohio. I love you!  Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them! Heading to Ohio! ....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to con…  ....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to neg…  ....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Stee…  Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they…  Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lyi…  Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday.…  Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isn…  ...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate…  Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRA…  Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we…  “The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spa…  July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jo…  Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp;…  “Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event”  Congratulations Marsha!  Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign a…  Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you!  They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the…  Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly…  When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able…  Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG w…  Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will…  Working hard, thank you!  Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very fe…  Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know v…  Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our g…  Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Sch…  Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and a…  “Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP”  Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets…  #PledgeToAmericasWorkers  It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the…  “We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it O…  Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number…  Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats pa…  Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. H…  ..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, bef…  .....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Re…  “FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTI…  Thank you Florida. I love you!
 On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!  “Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008”  ...Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Governm…  I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete an…  .@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in ev…  Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is str…  The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the dam…  Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, B…  I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesn’t seem to make much sense! Collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)! One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 pe…  Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it! ....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their co…  The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders an…  MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illeg…  Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, Robert Wilkie!  Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote mean…  ...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what…  Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughi…  Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Li…  ...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement! .@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime an…  Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff!  ????  It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for…  We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immig…  ....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, includin…  Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fa…  There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obam…  ...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change! ...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great p…  ...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we…  When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our governme…  I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which i…  The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduce…  Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. S…  Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not…  Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael?  Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reaga…  Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President…   Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:   The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Sch…  Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media al…  Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is str…  Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year…  The @USNavy’s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized…  We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions!  I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1…  .@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vot…  ...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. H…  .@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on Aug…  GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon! .....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in o…  ....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 mil…  Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City,…  Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do!  The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many…  America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back!  ...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read! .@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the…  PROMISES KEPT!  Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City, Illinois!  The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a…  This is great - on my way, see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds!  Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends! Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practic…  European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Al…  Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade! Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor aga…  Obviously the European Union, as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States, as represented by yours truly, lo…  ...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by every…  Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very stro…  Thank you very much, working hard!  Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant &amp; successful car executives since the days…  This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote…  The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic rel…  Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go…  What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so a…  China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love &amp; respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to…  When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the…  Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wo…  “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number…  So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a…  The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the…  Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM po…  On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress sh…  I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missin…  #VFWConvention @VFWHQ  I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the…  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come! Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN! Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement!  Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair…  Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should h…  #MadeInAmerica Showcase!  Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsyl…  Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice!  ....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Am…  The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme…  A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia…  When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remem…  .....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a f…  ....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking abo…  “It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using th…  So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary C…  Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch. To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKE…  So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell o…  Happy Birthday @SenatorDole!  I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country! .@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hi…  Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who sig…  Looking more &amp; more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the pol…  Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As…  Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp; Borders. Troy…  Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP…  No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republica…  The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly fo…  Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Ev…  The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must s…  I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would…  So important. Should have been done years ago!  Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the E…  ....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have d…  China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.…  My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took p…  Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic!  “Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES”  ....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers,…  The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look f…  I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. Th…  Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M. “Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the c…  The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead t…  The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories…  The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them h…  Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big…  A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been hel…  The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13! Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. K…  Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crim…  3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting bet…  Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than se…  “A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now…  Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsemen…  ....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving…  While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by membe…  So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I di…  “Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most ef…  The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November. The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media! The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before! Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?” While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Pu…  I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more…  Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy! A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world.…  I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018  As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recogni…  Thank you Helsinki, Finland!  Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland:  It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you!  Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt! President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI abou…  Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them f…  Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratula…  ...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal! ...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersb…  Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter h…  There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got…  These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because h…  Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences t…  ....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the e…  So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to s…  The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Adm…  ....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State? The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst…  I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf…  This is now changing - for the first time!  ????  Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...
 Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the B…  Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit! A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made!  “Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for inst…  Thank you #NATO2018!  #NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:
 ....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollar…  Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward…  As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is ref…  Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it is…  How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time…  Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but…  If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the g…  What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 2…  Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what i…  ...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win! I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have…  Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium...  Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so Amer…  The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has…  A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under…  Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (whic…  Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS  I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting c…  On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 b…  Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade…  NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair! Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other countr…  Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS  Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage…  The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports brea…  I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp;, even more importantly, our handshake. We ag…  I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Ju…  ...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries…  The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. Whil…  They just didn't get it, but they do now!  Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow nigh…  Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:

2015: 22
2016: 36
2017: 14
2018: 0

Source: @USNavy The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave an…  The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp; now, 13 Angry Democrats, should…  Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public under…  Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court! Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propagan…  Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others),…  JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!  Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world…  Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stan…  A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cit…  It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA  ...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with…  I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within…  Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW! .....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT,” and they must leave, just as th…  Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great…  Happy Birthday, America!  The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything, they are drivi…   Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT! Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the me…  ...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peac…  Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members,…  Thank you, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the “Green…  After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be note…  The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of any…  Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He work…  Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregu…  Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other M…  Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Ira…  Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing i…  How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country…  When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE!…  The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair…  I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court! Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together w…  Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great…  Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse!  Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward t…  A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus…  The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Border…  I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years o…  I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy! Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster,…  I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it c…  A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a…  I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th! Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil &amp; disfunction in Iran a…  To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of kee…  The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcem…  The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to…  Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement accoun…  Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Ga…  Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts…  AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
 Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discove…  I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a…  ....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the…  When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the t…  Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was on…  Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people w…  Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremer Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn…  Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most repor…  ...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – b…  In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat polit…  Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA  Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly!  Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!????  Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman…  Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS  Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country...  Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you,…  Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or…  HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE…  Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of…  Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good…  The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland!  A great First Lady!  The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for…  Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST h…  Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends…  Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of…  Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin M…  “The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to pr…  The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership…  A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very an…  It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders,…  ....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S.…  ....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, l…  ....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used…  Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. Tha…  Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster!  Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live tele…  Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bo…  “Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents”  Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them…  Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of…  Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor…  ....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost.…  Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will…  Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours.…  I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because…  The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint jo…  Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance o…  .@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost,…  House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Sena…  .@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my…  The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods g…  ....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone thro…  We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Jud…  Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and…  Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So…  AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!  Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA  Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man!  It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more…  Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before wit…  My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved…  ...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on…  .@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around…  Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time main…  “Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for t…  The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged! .@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lyi…  Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others.  Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp; its great companies and workers by the European U…  Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border…  We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Cit…  Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down! We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the D…  80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, th…  Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State…  Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agend…  Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early sup…  Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women…  Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills a…  Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill…  Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump…  You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “hea…  We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any…  “I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has le…  Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victo…  Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers! I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you!  "The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done…  My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in…  Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen! Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry…  What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and…  Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd! I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supp…  The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime…  We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing ou…  ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM!  Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 1…  Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL!  Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family! Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it!  Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt!…  Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentione…   More records! #MAGA  “FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corru…  It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open…  The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our…  THANK YOU @HouseGOP!  Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the…  Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the borde…  I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been goin…  THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75  Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:   #CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigr…  We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by th…  Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be,…  If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country! Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others…  I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their…  Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt! If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people b…  It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinki…  CHANGE THE LAWS! Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been lo…  We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us! The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coali…  Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the ki…  “The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter…  The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp; Sa…  Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp; Conflicte…  Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and know…  WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruc…  Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike…  Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and j…  The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over h…  Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad l…  Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea beca…  Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo, that Tru…  Please clear up the Fake News!  Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure y…  The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa…  My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries hist…  Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a c…  Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk…  The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once agai…  I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (imply…  I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and no…  Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top politi…  The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. A…  “Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin “Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin! Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll h…  U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have…  Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked ha…  The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as t…  FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton &amp; Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Re…  Happy #FlagDay??  Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love y…  ....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which…  The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing ever…  So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, i…  Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process mus…  The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results a…  Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endors…  Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November! Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour o…  So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Kor…  Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good! The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work! We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are! Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that Nor…  Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a N…  Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff…  ...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pou…  Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watch…  My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would…  A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and p…  The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or…  I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unpreced…  There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement…  It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm!
Tickets?…  Here is the video, “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit
??…  ...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Any…  Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of No…  Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better…  I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be…   Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He…  Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News! The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages, te…  Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy.…  Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We w…  Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong!  Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first! Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air! ....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that m…  ....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same coun…  Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as th…  Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost…  PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I l…  …Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-tim…  I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the Worl…  The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, worke…  ...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen! Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especia…  Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, a…  Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Bor…  .@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore!  My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were w…  I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced again…  Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovech…  Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better! Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers! Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what…  Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs an…  Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the ma…  Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create…  Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan!  PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to…  Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months…  It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!????  “$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts”  “Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years”  MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United…  When will people start saying, “thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?” Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a ke…  Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade. How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced o…  When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the…  Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could…  Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life! Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trad…  Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster…  We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Vet…  Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, m…  Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana! Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don…  ...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never repor…  The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recov…  Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this m…  Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fak…  Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get so…  ....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history! ...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like not…  Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. T…  Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence o…  Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp; corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation in…   Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Demo…  The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track. Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy! Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for…  Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world.…  Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep…  In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference! Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws sho…  ....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport! Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see! The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I…  We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsbu…  We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., T…  The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best econom…  What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous de…  The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players…  Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out! In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job! The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep…  #500Days of American Greatness:   The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlik…  Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the…  The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN! China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable! As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that…  “This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ. ....We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but…  This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first…  Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Coun…  ....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronal…  As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have tol…  Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true! When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped o…  Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely…  The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods,…  There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever en…  Real @FoxNews is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead!  Very surprised that China would be doing this?   Now this is a record that will never be broken!  ....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collus…  “John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this…  “We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes. Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard!  Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restric…  Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning. Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total doubl…  A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going…  FAIR TRADE! Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government! Very good meetings with North Korea. Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pus…  The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), int…  Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is…  RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If t…  “The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney. The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,…  Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Ala…  There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than…  Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.  Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law!   With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to exper…  Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law.  Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Ros…  The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times th…  ....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! ....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate i…  Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney Gene…  The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophistic…  Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuil…  Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Croo…  The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be…  “This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap agains…  We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Su…  Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They th…  California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with s…  A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true fo…  Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men a…  The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are draw…  Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of…  “We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign,…  “Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really…  “The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.” Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is d…  #MemorialDay??  Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI b…  Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and mysel…  Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion…  Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Coun…  Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the…  WELCOME HOME JOSH!  When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp; those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Inte…  This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and Stat…  With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all…  The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were…  Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within…  Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many prec…  Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating! Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross th…  Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be i…  We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will li…  ...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world! Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down t…  Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals…  Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them…  To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know…  On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you!  Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapol…  Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead,…  Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to th…  “Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there wa…  Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for…  The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign i…  Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator B…  Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the "Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.” Read…  I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great…  It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their…  Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un.  Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the p…  Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond norma…  Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy! Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now, lots of work to be done!  Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the gre…  Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities -…  Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the ha…  Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala  WITCH HUNT! There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to ot…  Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK. Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure…  “Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a camp…  Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history! “It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up…  @foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper…  ...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because…  If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for politica…  For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House…  It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday!  Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!????  .@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a foc…  Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce. The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question! ...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole D…  ....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detaile…  “John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Int…  China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recent…  On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time. China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things…  I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China, includ…  I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FB…  The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great! ....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his…  What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUS…  Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able…  ...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid…  ....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrat…  Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has…  If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only…  Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Tha…  Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation!  America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal…  California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is th…  Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” W…  America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances -…  We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack…  School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all! Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign fo…  Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Vir…  Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced t…  “Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, th…  It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them!  Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers! Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentin…  Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China, Liu He.  Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel!  Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to…  Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administ…  Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andre…  Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there…  Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and th…  ...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and V…  Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator wh…  Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse!  House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organ…  ...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give! ...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poo…  The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing h…  Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - li…  Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING!  #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay  Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement…  Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today!  Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the…  Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the…  Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support! Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in go…  The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media i…  ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also r…  #USEmbassyJerusalem  Big day for Israel. Congratulations! U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) e…  So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really…  Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by…  China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in fav…  President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back in…  Happy Mother’s Day!!!  The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be incl…  Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indic…  North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on…  Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed…  Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all! The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We…  Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs…  Thank you Indiana! #MAGA??
 The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will bo…  Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured! Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp; then V…  On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME!  Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA! Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M. The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flyin…  Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be…  I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea w…  Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy…  Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expand…  The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the econom…  The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who ha…  The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world…  Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal:  John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country! I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, whe…  Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alwa…  I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm. National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills…  The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran De…  Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what…  Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and…  Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well! “The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forg…  The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in…  The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination…  My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrori…  To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Prob…  Thank you Cleveland, Ohio!  Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and busin…  Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the gr…  Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Cap…  I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail, and we will always protect your Se…  We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end! Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangero…  All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator…  JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT! Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon! NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sourc…  Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness. Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great! Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must…  #NationalDayOfPrayer  This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vita…  Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! Proclama…  ...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms…  ...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used…  Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campai…  Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being wi…  Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really…  As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North…  “This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 201…  I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near…  Congratulations @SecPompeo!  A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redactin…  NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by t…  “The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive…  There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there i…  Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1…  Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!  Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the…  Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the…  It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt! Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Ver…  So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Col…  The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina,…  The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are tot…  During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started…  The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet…  I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of…  Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of Nort…  The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our…  Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. A…  The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone asso…  “Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A. Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished! While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fa…  Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To th…  Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There wer…  Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your S…  Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and locatio…  “Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN. ....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Ja…  Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is…  House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have bee…  I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of…  Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinate…  Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will…  Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opene…  Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, par…  So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. Th…  KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea! After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is n…  Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED IN…  The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries…  Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show! MAGA!  Thank you Kanye, very cool!  Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S.…  .@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail…  Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today…  Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie wi…  Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people w…  Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to t…  .@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly…  “President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.”  Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime.…  Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you al…  Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of m…  Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The A…  Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We m…  Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed…  Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hund…  Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe…  Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of t…  Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place te…  A complete Witch Hunt! “I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary. ....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time…  Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Ko…  “GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request! “At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “acco…  James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke t…  Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulation…  So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a tre…  Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in…  Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a re…  Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you!  Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets:   ....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media! ....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. M…  The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak…  A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missile…  James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, t…  Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter…  North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for Nort…  Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we ha…  Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at…  Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got…  So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Mary…  So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of…  James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classif…  James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both o…  Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all…  My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies…  Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at wha…  ...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington…  Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for…  .@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Bo…  THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work!  Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in Ca…  Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal an…  Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Milit…  It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days.…  Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon!  Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while pl…  Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Inde…  Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation wh…  Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was f…  A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know…  There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infeste…  While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too man…  Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted…  It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo!  .@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:  States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to…  ....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be remove…  Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens…  Welcome Prime Minister Abe!  Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on El…  Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman! So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see! Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He ca…  I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security. Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy! Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable! Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then ba…  Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories a…  Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST…  Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wonderi…  I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE! The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could deme…  Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the pla…  The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (…  Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stup…  So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fi…  A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power o…   DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled b…  We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful wo…  ....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked…  James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible…  Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Citi…  Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BIL…  America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighti…  Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking…  I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (…  On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to r…  Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State! Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the Un…  California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Je…  If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him.…  Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we…  “Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform”  The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” O…  Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achi…  Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democr…  Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason…  Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice…  ....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which tak…  So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and…  The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian business…  Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the Whi…  Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment o…  Last night, it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White Hou…  A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!! Attorney–client privilege is dead! Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning!   The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and res…  When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to C…  Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral…  If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Anim…  ....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK! Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and…  President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down i…  The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly writte…  “The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever in…  While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of…  Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU! What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (…  Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday D…  We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been…  The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers…  Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Tea…  Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to…  “BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force”  AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!  Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions wi…  China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They…  Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into…  Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA  Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more tak…  The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As…  The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them…  “Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent”  Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke…  Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in y…  When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose! We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who r…  Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era,…  Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyb…  WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!  Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Lat…  I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy…  Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration. Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-T…  The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better…  The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and q…  #AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue  “President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than form…  39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction an…  Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our coun…  As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Bord…  “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day”  An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll!  So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents…  So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize S…  Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money…  DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No…  ...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow o…  Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them…  These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act! Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Bor…  Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat…  HAPPY EASTER! Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery…  ...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “i…  While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package i…   Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state…  JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again!  We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in t…  I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state…  ....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s…  I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secret…  Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL!  ....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protecte…  My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against Cali…  .@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Kore…  Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM…  For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsu…  THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the wo…  I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and rem…  Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy! Great news! #MAGA  So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great! The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying…  .@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist…  “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Gr…  Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you!  ....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which…  Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that…  Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Wor…  Because of the $700 &amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military i…  France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack.…  Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’…  As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign anothe…  Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the…  News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M. I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have b…  DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall. House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between…  I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very…  My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA  As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American wo…  Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big cro…  Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he t…  Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall. Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to…  .....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush…  I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). Th…  “Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller t…  ...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of ju…  Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immi…  AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned! Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our…  The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal! A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest! .@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M. Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? An…  Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made mem…  Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone…  The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was base…  The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of…  As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As…  Happy #StPatricksDay  Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctim…  “U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High”  It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Cong…  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on…  “President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock??Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the Ea…  Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in t…  It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse!  We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trud…  Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have…  Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy.  It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised t…  Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put t…  Thank you for hosting! #MAGA  We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country! Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nati…  Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today! Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by t…  All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bles…  It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, stra…  If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit gr…  California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nati…  “According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importati…  Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California!  Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to…  The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going! THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION…  It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong  The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business.…  If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all…  ....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things…  Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation mov…  Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the…  Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pund…  The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run o…  The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to ment…  ...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was…  The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia…  Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. T…  Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
 The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs o…  In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that…  North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meet…  Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is…  Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing openin…  Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI…  Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you…  We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans. The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time…  Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade…  That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS…  Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Townshi…  JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA  Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missil…  “Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States” 
 
Proclamation:…  “Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States”
 
Proclamation:…  Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA  Happy #InternationalWomensDay

“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award”  Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum In…  The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years! China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Defici…  From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulat…  @MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 m…  Great couple, great book!  Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely! Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being…  Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 ye…  Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)! We will see what happens!  We are getting it done - jobs and security!  Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made! The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go, and I w…  It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where a…  Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) lon…  To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST ...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into…  We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad…  We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for m…  The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better ti…  If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business t…  The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and poli…  Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY!  Happy National Anthem Day!  REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM!  When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZE…  We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY! Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V.  Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me…  When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with…  Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA! Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades! Jobless claims at a 49 year low! Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to lo…  “Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000”  “Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004”  Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA  Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy w…  Many ideas, some good &amp; some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the Whi…  It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As…  Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. 

We say a prayer for our…  Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los A…  Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of t…  Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take for…  45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Count…  I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is…  The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reaga…  Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government…  Such a beautiful map, thank you!  .@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill d…  Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC…  “American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. T…  I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz,…  WITCH HUNT! “We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, th…  “I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence...…  “He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s…  I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! “Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony! “Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and neve…  Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow! The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all…  BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump…  Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nan…  Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecess…  Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfa…  Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart p…  So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history!  Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done! Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia…  Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to help…  We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY…  After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence…  For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them! My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country. CPAC Today! MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers…  “School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like…  Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders, la…  On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA…  Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’…  What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard…  I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and e…  ....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and ot…  ....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police &amp; first responders approxima…  ....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would als…  I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibil…  I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the…  .@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayer…  Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to a…  Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why…  The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man. @CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks! So true, thank you!  Bad ratings @CNN &amp; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably kne…  Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more…  ....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking mon…  A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington…  I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News! Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to th…  Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President O…  Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take a…  ....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and…  “There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’…  Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russ…  “The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy! The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into…  .@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Sena…  Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling? Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day! Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Mi…  My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family a…  Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, R…  Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks.…  The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN.  If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committe…  Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doin…  I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group,…  Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russia…  Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress,…  General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians a…  Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable…  Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when the…  “I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main go…  The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman!  Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for…  Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any Americ…  “Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had n…  Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening! Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland, FL. To teache…  Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results…  Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard. I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have…  ...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for…  The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immi…  In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are…  While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be…  So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavi…  Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting. My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or an…  Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members o…  As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts t…  Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn…  Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Demo…  The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I l…  Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words w…  This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now ti…  Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police o…  Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FAN…  4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently…  So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negativ…  My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system:…  My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD.  Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in…  ....agencies, not just the FBI &amp; DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the…  “My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier…  Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are ol…  According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brough…  The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and mor…  Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low! Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyo…  Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order…  Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them e…  Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did no…  Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.  As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the l…  I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East. Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TR…  Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and po…  The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secret…  Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean peopl…  Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that y…  NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS! In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, th…  Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASA’s c…  Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat…  We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs…  Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the…  My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of m…  Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way D…  Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Her…  Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of t…  Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washingto…  Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition! The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U…  Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory! My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Th…  ...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants t…  “The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used…  Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russ…  This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion an…  Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Elect…  Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov, @CustomsBorder, @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. C…  “Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust”  With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 i…  “You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create…  The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigativ…  The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll di…  Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched…  March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and O…  Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructur…  Join me live for the #SOTU
 Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar!  Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Ch…  Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED! Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are…  I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to c…  Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and fir…  On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, a…  Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we…  Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018  DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdo…  Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well rec…  Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18   Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our…  It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many grea…  Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18  Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal…  Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18  Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship a…  Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now…  It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local…  Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School…  Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything lik…  Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is…  Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung! Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House,…  Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but ever…  In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Pag…  Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...…  Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, De…  End the Democrats Obstruction!  Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless! The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good! Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoe…  Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illega…  Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now! The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administ…  Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military…  Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate…  Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen! #AMERICA FIRST! For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win mo…  This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dan…  Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shu…  Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military t…  Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wron…  Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year’s…  “Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote…  .@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...
 Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass…  House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it! AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the o…  Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world t…  A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about! CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension! We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of dr…  Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Sp…  ....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a…  The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of neces…  ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much mor…  Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD N…  And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
 Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOL…  During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I…  I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United S…  Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our f…  Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now! ....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one th…  New report from DOJ &amp; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-b…  Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse!  “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day”  Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubl…  “90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but r…  The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be…  We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and…  Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is n…  ...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, A…  Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about…  ...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the p…  “President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 work…  I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people…  DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately neede…  ...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS! The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Kor…  So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They p…  I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time…  AMERICA FIRST! The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad! Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA,…  Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage…  Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Nev…  Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fa…  The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough wa…  ....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The…  ....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our c…  The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen…  Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the…  The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousa…  Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization…  Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysl…  More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1…  Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special! Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.” Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs…  Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT!  With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s v…  “45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends “House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discre…  In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll. Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the…  Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and…  Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announc…  The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. T…  Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend a…  I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievem…  The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems…  The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has…  It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) al…  .@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to k…  Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA??  As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they…  Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform.…  It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the “Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act,” which redesigna…  On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United…  We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and…  In every decision we make, we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs,…  We have been working every day to DELIVER for America’s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US.…  Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau Federation’s Annua…  African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a…  ...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the…  “His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over…  The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock…  The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt &amp; biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the lo…  Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. W…  I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I h…  Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subject…  ....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and…  ....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart.…  Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (…  The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! An…  Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used…  Good idea Rand!  The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart! Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton a…  Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5…  The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in…  I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spo…  MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL,…  Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing. So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel!  With all of the failed “experts” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on…  As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do..…  Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They…  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. D…  “Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by han…  Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Chri…  Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support f…  “President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny…  I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock. Subjects will…  North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone fro…  ...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Isra…  It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. A…  Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and…  We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous prog…  Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard agai…  ....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat t…  The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Tim…  Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there wer…  Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing…  Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great! Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the…  Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put…  The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that Presiden…  Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year! Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iran…  The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they…  HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible! As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, a…  Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basi…  What a year it’s been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!!  My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We…  Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the…  If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have…  Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squa…  “Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books”  Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dram…  I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “pres…  On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 y…  Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The wor…  The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of t…  Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nati…  The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL a…  Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and ot…  While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating…  In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old G…  Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo  Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a frie…  Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet! Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit th…  “Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump” 
 “On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of ter…  Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much…  All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Wi…  WOW, @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) V…  Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut…  I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (…  MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!  MERRY CHRISTMAS!!  People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our c…  The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandat…  The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report…  .@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was u…  Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama a…  The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished b…  Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!! How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary…  Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill. Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks:…  The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death! Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of…  95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes! Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much…  With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record), Regulation Cutting, Jud…  “The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of T…  At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan…  So true!  Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big comp…  THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!…  House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts.…  Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake…  The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bo…  WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!
#TaxCutsandJobsAct  Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the p…  The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their…  The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (O…  Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great Hous…  A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirm…  Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope…  DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebr…  With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to…  70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow! Thank you Maria B!  So true Ivanka!  As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will…  When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On Novem…  Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more t…  Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State.…  My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of…  The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructur…  Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends. Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie…  More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans, who neve…  Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the…  As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the b…  WEEKLY ADDRESS??  TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wag…  Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just…  Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you!  DOW, S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA  Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility…  You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.

Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and t…  To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!  It was my honor. THANK YOU!  “Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey”  In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pag…  When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, &amp; prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, &amp; no go…  Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-grow…  As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your vo…  Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high! Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success. If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase…  Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue storie…  The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will n…  Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a…  Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of thos…  Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low…  The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immi…  Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “b…  Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any co…  Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also,…  Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media.…  Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very…  Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing!…  No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in…  Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations! .@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty aren…  .@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousan…  Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. 

We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an ent…  It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp;…  Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS.…  CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a…  Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian…  A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Libera…  GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and rea…  We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION…  This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight,…  Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA  On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA  “The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, th…  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be drop…  LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin…  Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so s…  I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t!  Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish the…  Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle…  Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack o…  Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.…  Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and foug…  National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941 Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing t…  Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope
 Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the…  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:   Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.

It was my honor to…  A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to…  With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU! Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on…  Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama.…  Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense! People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Bria…  After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputatio…  Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe.…  Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!  I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie! Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the…  Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Croo…  So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI h…  Great job First Lady Melania!  62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history...  I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It…  Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for f…  We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to…  Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:

“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corpor…  The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not le…  Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getti…  The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that…  The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and bei…  A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration. The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift…  Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak ab…  Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!
#DOW24K #MAGA  Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United St…  Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Electi…  Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out! The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to be…  The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some cred…  The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to…  Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years! “Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."…  The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democ…  The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding…  .@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within th…  Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.

But…  A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNIT…  This week, the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone o…  Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.…  Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.

Stock…  Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major san…  So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Gri…  Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top…  Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)! Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!  .@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!  Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country! Great work Ivanka!  Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer! Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Email…  After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold t…  “The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Con…  Dow, S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!  Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General…  “Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday”  Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigr…  Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you…  At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The Amer…  Thank you Rand!  New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us…  The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle c…  The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!  We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrup…  Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans w…  Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russi…  I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schum…  The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the…  Wow, even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.  .@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still…  Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been un…  The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations…  Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!

A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally…  Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I…  Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss o…  Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate t…  After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Wo…  Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I i…  Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players.…  Two great people!  A great guy (with great ratings)!  ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the De…  My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach…  HAPPY THANKSGIVING!  Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq…  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! @ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Milita…  ....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!  I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 peo…  51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for…  Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hi…  The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season.…  ...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contra…  It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground…  Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their d…  President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at t…  Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National An…  Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long an…  Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those re…  Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horr…  Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have…  Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposel…  Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAn…  Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the…  Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Wil…  Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse!…  Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the…  If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill! Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results! .And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape? The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? ..... Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military! Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling o…  Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Ass…  China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens! ....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life! To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made..... Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close! Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay! It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective! ...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade! The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China..... Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail! Thank you!  Thank you, working hard!  While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser! .@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come! Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home! THANK YOU ASIA! #USA??  THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREA…  One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we’re in the 30’s. They are wrong. Some…  I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set. Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, un…  After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States h…  Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM! Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain?? I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We’re getting close! Now, ho…  Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled. Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our cou…  Thank you!  We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gal…  Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!  Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so…  Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our…  When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, n…  Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve…  Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines. President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made. “Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” 
?? 
??…  On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GRE…  On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!
#USMC242…  The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to…  The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial co…  Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendsh…  In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater co…  Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing o…  Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017 I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the G…  My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a hi…  I don’t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on tr…  In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United St…  President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! ?…  Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral Co…  Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautif…  NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestima…  On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in B…  Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi! Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!  Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no lon…  The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreem…  The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions…  Join me LIVE in South Korea????
#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia 
??  Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House…  Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China whe…  Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this! .@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP! ....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today! Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment.... ....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs! Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration.... Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered.  It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea. ????…  ....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years! I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing.... Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out! My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++! The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back! #USA?? #Japan??  ...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadnes…  May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan. Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.  It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan!  Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!  Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.  I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon!  Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States! Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.

Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!

A…  Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pea…  Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor! The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!  The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful! Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down! I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right. Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary! ...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us! ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was "their soldier." ..... Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept. The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie! ....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it! ...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus... Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems.. My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact. I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy! The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster! ....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department? Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H.... Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America! Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the…  Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILL…  Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ’s from Singapo…  Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE…  I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities…  Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions??#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory  ...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY! Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system... NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely…  Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person! It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!  The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first! Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them! CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly ev…  @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better! Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District... Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side atta…  @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government... We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost t…  ....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts..... #NYCStrong #USA??  "Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based. I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this! The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever! My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you! We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! U.S. COAL PRODUCTION
Up?7.8% past year. 
Down?31.5% last 10 years. 
#EndingWarOnCoal  “Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more:   "Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more:   Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!
#Halloween2017  Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin!  “Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks”  ....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak! The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is.... I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)! ....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS! The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he... ....Also, there is NO COLLUSION! Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus????? Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends. Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd! All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT! ...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING! ..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's... ...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,.... Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),.... As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts! JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule! While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad! Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrific…  ...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest. ...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and... After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and... Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating!…  Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President! Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years! “WHAT HAPPENED”

“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”
??

NOW WE KNOW!  #JFKFiles  Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!
#FlashbackFriday  People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....
? .@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP”  We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through lea…  Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts Thank you @FLGovScott.  It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC! Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public! Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans! Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show! Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections! WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse.…  Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under f…  Big news - Budget just passed! Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party! Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime! Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage! Will be another Sean success!  Together, we will Make America Great Again!
#AmericaFirst??  This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform 
Read more:…  Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!  Texas @GovAbbott &amp; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,

Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. K…  The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting! Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hope…  Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade, two very important subjects! Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really, they just gave me a standing O! Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business &amp; JOBS The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA! The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded! "Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S. “President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day” Read more:   Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good. ...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward! Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as..... Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus! ...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record! Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts.... We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our na…  I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation! Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL! There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays! It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred. Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R! Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY! ...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs! ...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security.... I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first..... Just out, but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine! Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp; CBS? Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it. “Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign”  Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this! People get what is going on!  Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened. I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party! Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered! Great book just out, "A Place Called Heaven," by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man! This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today:…  Today, it was an honor to have @UN
Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A.,…  Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree!  Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good, we must keep America safe! ....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country! The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against..... Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the Ameri…  Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show! The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content! Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!

"ISIS is losing its grip..."
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon
CJTF–OIR…  It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRico??with us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you!…  .@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation" Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)? Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow! Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows? "46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration." @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this! .@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThor,
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA  "20,000?21,000?22,000? 23,000?this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year..." 
#Dow23K #MAGA  This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA??  .@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem. "Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other l…  It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse tod…  Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA tea…  The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More:…  I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care. Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad! The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country! As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her! The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history. ...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept? Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many.. The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD.…  Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &amp;…  WOW!  BORDER WALL prototypes underway!  Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working. So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers! It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! ?…  Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ??  "Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings"
#Dow23K?  Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman! Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spart…  I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!" The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm. Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S. Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck! The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at! Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews ...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice! The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast.... The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down! Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit! Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall! Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history." ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!